docs: actions as service life-cycle hooks (#1909)
lightbend/kalix-jvm-sdk: docs/src/modules/java-protobuf/pages/actions.adoc

Such validation that depends on state can only be done safely while handling the command inside the entity.

== Actions as Life-cycle Hooks

> An Action's gRPC method can be triggered automatically when some predefined service life-cycle event happens, serving as a custom hook. For such use, the method needs be annotated with a specific flag as shown below and its must be of type `google.protobuf.Empty`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Action's gRPC method can be triggered automatically when some predefined service life-cycle event happens, serving as a custom hook. For such use, the method needs be annotated with a specific flag as shown below and it must be of type `google.protobuf.Empty`.
```

> An Action's gRPC method can be triggered automatically when some predefined service life-cycle event happens, serving as a custom hook. For such use, the method needs be annotated with a specific flag as shown below and its must be of type `google.protobuf.Empty`.

Reviewer: > when some predefined service life-cycle event happens

This gives the impression that we can chose from a list of life-cycle events, but we can only do it on start-up. Better to be explicit about it.

Author: yeah, I was preparing for other events being added.. but maybe better to be explicit for now. I will update.

> An Action's gRPC method can be triggered automatically when some predefined service life-cycle event happens (currently, only on startup is available), serving as a custom hook. For such use, the method needs be annotated with a specific flag as shown below and it must be of type `google.protobuf.Empty`.

Reviewer 2: how about "and the input type must be `...`"

> An Action's gRPC method can be triggered automatically when some predefined service life-cycle event happens (currently, only on startup is available), serving as a custom hook. For such use, the method needs be annotated with a specific flag as shown below and it must be of type `google.protobuf.Empty`.

Author: ```suggestion
An Action's gRPC method can be triggered automatically when some predefined service life-cycle event happens (currently, only on startup is available), serving as a custom hook. For such use, the method needs be annotated with a specific flag as shown below and its input type must be `google.protobuf.Empty`.
```

[source,proto]
----
include::example$java-protobuf-doc-snippets/src/main/proto/com/example/on_startup.proto[tag=hook]
----

> <1> only methods belonging to an Action can be configured as a hook;

Reviewer 2: Do we use `;` in other parts of the documentation?

Author: fixed now, tks.

> <2> method must receive `google.protobuf.Empty` as input type;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> the method must receive `google.protobuf.Empty` as input type;
```

> <3> select which event triggers this hook (in this case, this is once instance startup is concluded);

Reviewer: We only have STARTUP, so it can be misleading to say that we can select the event.

> <3> this hook will be triggered once instance startup is concluded;

Reviewer 2: I'm sorry, I haven't tracked the actual implementation, is it once per each instance, or per kalix service (singleton)?

Author: It is indeed once per instance. I noticed the phrase is a bit ambigious, see the new version below.

> <1> only methods belonging to an Action can be configured as a hook;
> <2> the method must receive `google.protobuf.Empty` as input type;
> <3> this hook will be triggered once instance startup is concluded;

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Only methods belonging to an Action can be configured as a hook.
<2> The method must receive `google.protobuf.Empty` as input type.
<3> This hook will be triggered once the instance startup is concluded (i.e. will be called 3 times if 3 instances are running).
```

> <3> This hook will be triggered once the instance startup is concluded (i.e. will be called 3 times if 3 instances are running).

Reviewer 2: I think this deserves even more explanation it's not only about the startup but also restarts (sometimes not triggered by the user) and scaling up.

Author: yeah, I think you're right, let me give it another try. :)

<4> optionally, set the max amount of retries to 3.

> NOTE: If the call to the hook returns a failure and the `max_retries` is set to a value greater than the default value (`0`), a number of retry calls will be executed with a fixed delay up until the configure amount is reached.

Reviewer: Just confirming.
We don't support infinite retries, correct? 
User need to use max int if they want to try many many times, but not infinite times. 

It's actually a good strategy. Something failing forever is clearly broken. Makes no sense to have infinite retries.

Author: thats correct. 👍
